Add docs for splitting cache by device (#144)
moovweb-docs/xdn-docs: guides/caching.md

This will take the values of `language` and `currency` cookies from `cookie` request header and use them in the cache key. This would allow you to cache different content, depending on the language and currency in this example, for the same URL.

- Splitting the cache based on device type:

```js
import { CustomCacheKey } from '@xdn/core/router'

router.get('/some/path', ({ cache }) => {
  cache({
    key: new CustomCacheKey().addDevice(),
    // Other options...
  })
})
```

This will take the value of the `x-xdn-device` request header and split based on the following devices:

- `smartphone`
- `tablet`
- `mobile` (feature phones)
- `desktop`

> This would allow you to cache different content, depending on the type of device in this example, for the same URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to cache different content, depending on the type of device in this example, for the same URL.
```
